Journal Entry #1:
Today, I downloaded Android Studios into this computer. My first impression on this thing was that it is really kinda hard to use, because it asked me some stuff about "activities", which is kinda like a layer in Photoshop. I'm still brainstorming ideas, but maybe I might not make a plat former, because well it's going to be mobile, and mobile platforms are kinda hard to control, so I'm most likely going to make another annoying game close to geometry dash, but It's going to be different. Also I've started creating my activities that I'm going to use for an game. Ideally, my game is going to be basically like a game where you try to like fly up, and try to dodge incoming obstacles. I'm still not exactly sure how to use Android Studios, because I'm going to do some research during the next few days, and see if I can get it. I feel like this project is going to be hard, so I'll try my best to do well on it.

Journal Entry #2:
In this week, I've stared to have some problems with Android Studios. It was very complex, and with some of Colin's guidance, I've managed it a little. I'm currently reading a simple tutorial about Android Studios. From what I've noticed so far, Android Studios seems to be like a mix between a little bit of HTML, and also JAVA. I'm not entirely sure that my observation is right, because well I just started using this program. What's nice is that it comes with even an emulator, which makes it alot easier, I don't have to use like 2 USB chords. Like I said in my last journal entry, I'm gonna make it maybe an interesting game, like those which you can change gravity. I'm still not sure, because once I come with an idea, I come up with like 5 obstacles that I have no idea how I should clear it. So I'm probably gonna not start programming anything soon, but just mess around with it until I get it. I play to really start my coding, by next week.

Journal Entry #3:
In this week, I finally got the chance to download Android Studios on my home computer. I've improved a lot about how to use it, mainly because of the fact that I mess around it whenever I have free time. With some of Colin's guidance, I've created a simple game on it. There are way too much commands, and weird keywords in Android Studios. One that stands out to me is "toast". I've been looking up all of the commands on Android Studios. Like I said earlier, there's weird names, but even worse is that some names are confusing, and makes no sense when compared to what the keyword is supposed to do. The game I created was basically a four squared game, that had exactly no purpose at all. The only purpose would be probably determining a coin flip. You can click on any of the four squares, and it will print either "true" or "false". Both had a 50% probability. This is the start, and I'm going to legit start on my game next week now.

Journal Entry #4:
In this week, I've made big improvements. I now basically mostly understand all of the commonly used parts of Android Studio for games like: Buttons, scroll bars, completion bars (which can be used for displaying health, completion of the level, and experience, which I'm not gonna have). Others also include the most important, which would be a canvas. I know there's gotta be a way to get the canvas, but searching and researching about canvases on Android Studio hasn't gotten me anywhere. On Thursday, I tried to mess with the code with java, and the coding in Android Studio is actually pretty similar to java. I turned in my project on Friday, and it isn't exactly a plat former, but just me messing around with Android Studio. I've probably said this earlier, but in Android Studio, it's really stupid how you have to save all of your text, your sounds in more than one location. In my case, I had to save all of my files at least twice. I'm starting to like Android studio a little more, and the 20% project doesn't seem as impossible anymore.

Journal Entry #5:
In this week, I didn't really do much :(. I didn't really open Android Studio at all, except to do some simple things. I basically decided to work on my sorting algorithms, which I don't really get merge. So really, I have nothing to really write about. One thing I did investigate on is another way to get something very close to a canvas. I'm gonna try it on Monday. Hopefully, it'll work, because if it doesn't, then I'll have to probably change my whole project, because, without a canvas, there's no way you could get a plat former to work. There isn't really much other stuff to write here, so I'll try to reach the 150 word limit, by talking about how I'm gonna reach the 150 word limit. Android Studio is getting better, and I feel like, to me, Android Studio could actually workout pretty well in the end.

Journal Entry #6:
In this week, the way I did canvases before sucked, and so I searched the Android Studio user guide thing online, and went to some pages that had nothing to really do to canvases, and found a way of implementing canvases. This new way requires typing code instead of the last way, which was dragging things from the toolbox into the visual of the current app. Anyways, I have a feeling that I may not be able to make this as amazing as I thought, because seeing what other groups have already done, It seems that I'm actually kinda far behind. This is a problem, because it's only like 20 days until April, and I only work on my project for maybe 2-3 days per week. To make sure that I catch up enough, I'm going to make sure that I will work on Android Studio at least 4 days per week. This way, I may be able to catch up again. 

Journal Entry #7:
This week, I found Android Studio to be very confusing. I'm very behind right now, and I don't think that I can make it. I'm probably going to just go with a simpler version of a game, because I'm very very behind. Currently, Android Studio has made sense to me sometimes, but some of the other times that I've use it, It's just plain stupid, like most of it's commands could be done in very simple ways compared to the ways they do it in Android Studio. For instance, to create text, pictures, and other variables, you need to store it in at least two places to call it. Also, what makes it even worse, is that Android Studio seems to a file that's too big to just smoothly run on these computers, but also on my computer at home. I'm going to probably change the direction I'm heading and actually probably end up doing an easier game.

Journal Entry #8:
This week, I didn't have much time to do my 20% project, just the Friday that we always use to work on it. The reason for this, is because I'm also now slightly behind on my pix-lab thing. I get everything on my pix-lab, but it's time consuming. The thing for my 20% project, is that I still don't understand all of the basics of Android Studio, I just know the just of a few things. I'm now planning to read a lot about Android Studio. I'm pretty sure that this will help me. Currently, it's probably still not impossible, but I have a lot sports, and that takes a ton of my time. This might be a problem in this class, because the 20% project takes up 20% of our total grade. Android Studio is still as confusing as ever. I've tried basically everything, and I'm kinda screwed for my next deliverable.

Journal Entry #9:
In this week, a lot of problems came up with my current project, so i would like to actually dispose all of my work so far in Android Studio, and actually restart on some project with BlueJ, just because I've used BlueJ a lot more, so I think I may actually have a nice chance of getting a simpler project done on BlueJ. If I were to restart and so another project, then I would do an easier project about maybe like steps of all the main sorting algorithms in the world, a scientific calculator, or a statistic calculator. I would really like to change my project, because when I looked at my other peers in computer science, it seems like they're all doing easier projects than my idea (except for Colin Reeder and Tony Brar). So overall, I'm just going to plan to totally restart my whole project, and do something else easier on BlueJ instead. 

Journal Entry #10:
I've given up on my last project, because the time I have left is too limited, and I've ran into a lot of problems that made this project basically impossible for me to create with my current programming level, I've decided already to approach an easier project with my last two weeks. As I said earlier I'm going to make something like a scientific calculator, like the ones on a computer, not the Ti-84, because that would also require a graphing interface, which I could make, but that might be a little harder. If I were to make a graphing calculator, I would need code from earlier graphing interfaces. But I've already started my project at home, and so I feel like this project may take about 10 days if I work on it about 3 hours a day on it. I'm planning to totally restart my project, but I'm pretty sure that this would get me a better grade than my current grade on the 20% project.
